faq.md, before:

# What Is Going To Happen?

You will come to the Violet Hour.  You will eat.  You will drink.  You will be merry.  If you are so moved, you may make a toast.

# Will there be some sort of ceremony?

No

# What should I wear?
Anything moderately fancy, like you're going to a fancy cocktail bar.  Hawaiian shirts encouraged.  If you're a dude, you have to wear close-toed shoes or the Violet Hour will heckle you.

# Will there be tacos?
Heck yes!

# How do I get to this shindig?
There is a Blue Line stop about a block away from Violet Hour, this is the easiest and best way to get there!  Parking in Wicker Park is not good, so we recommend either taking the blue line or a lyft.

# Where should I stay?
Somewhere off of the blue line, the best L line!  This will take you right to the wedding venue and also Chicago O'Hare airport.  More hotel info soon . . .

# I would like to give you something to celebrate your love

We are two grown adults and we have so many things, please don't give us anymore things.  However, if you are so moved, we would love it if you would donate to one of the following charities:

[The American Civil Liberties Union](https://www.aclu.org/)

[The Electronic Frontier Foundation](https://www.eff.org/)

[Planned Parenthood](https://www.plannedparenthood.org/)

[The Council on American-Islamic Relations](https://www.cair.com/)

[The Southern Poverty Law Center](https://www.splcenter.org/)

Commit message:

added description of the outside of tvh

faq.md, after:

# What Is Going To Happen?

You will come to the Violet Hour.  You will eat.  You will drink.  You will be merry.  If you are so moved, you may make a toast.

# Will there be some sort of ceremony?

No

# What should I wear?
Anything moderately fancy, like you're going to a fancy cocktail bar.  Hawaiian shirts encouraged.  If you're a dude, you have to wear close-toed shoes or the Violet Hour will heckle you.

# Will there be tacos?
Heck yes!

# How do I get to this shindig?
The Damon blue line stop is less than a block away from Violet Hour, this is the easiest and best way to get there!  Parking in Wicker Park is not good, so we recommend either taking the blue line or a lyft.

# How do I actually find this place?
Violet Hour doesn't actually have a sign.  They have a mural outside and a blue light above the door.  We'll post a picture of the outside close to the actual event!

# Where should I stay?
Somewhere off of the blue line, the best L line!  This will take you right to the wedding venue and also Chicago O'Hare airport.  More hotel info soon . . .

# I would like to give you something to celebrate your love

We are two grown adults and we have so many things, please don't give us anymore things.  However, if you are so moved, we would love it if you would donate to one of the following charities:

[The American Civil Liberties Union](https://www.aclu.org/)

[The Electronic Frontier Foundation](https://www.eff.org/)

[Planned Parenthood](https://www.plannedparenthood.org/)

[The Council on American-Islamic Relations](https://www.cair.com/)

[The Southern Poverty Law Center](https://www.splcenter.org/)
